Be sure you make yourself heard!
Yessir!
Yeah!
Karasuno definitely seems different.
Excuse us!
Oh?
Well, well...
If it isn't Tobio, the little boy I gave a good whipping the last time we met.
We've come to win this time.
I definitively put you in your place last time!
All that's left is that bastard, Ushiwaka!
I will have you stand aside again, Tobio!
Take that!
Is he really a third-year?
It's way too early to let Oikawa get to him.
Hey.
Yes?
Karasuno's got another girl.
Sorry, Yachi!
She's a cutie.
Here.
Yeah. I wonder why I'm so frustrated by that.
All right.
Pardon me.
Could you get that?
Damn it! Look out!
Holy crap...
Here.
Thanks...
Damn, it didn't work.
Karasuno's guard is too strong.
You're such a showoff, Yahaba.
Come on! We're about to start warming up!
Ow.
A-Are you okay?
Kageyama.
Huh?
Was that guy on Seijou's team before?
Dunno.
Leap and fly! High!
Flecked with blood, sweat, and tears
Those glistening wings can let you leave it all behind
So just fly
H
a
i
S
e
k
y
c
u
o
n
u
d
!
S
e
!
a
s
o
n
Fly high
Haikyuu
Second Season
!!
Haikyuu
Second Season
!!
Haikyuu
Second Season
!!
Into the distant future
H
a
i
k
y
u
H
a
i
k
y
u
S
e
c
o
n
d
S
e
a
s
o
n
S
e
c
o
n
d
S
e
a
s
o
n
!
The bruise-covered fledgling glares up at the sky
As the ones who've just found their wings laugh derisively
They just want to see the ends of the ocean
Empty your mind
Let the headwinds guide your approach
And with a hop, step, and a jump
Leap and fly! High!
Let your wings, glistening with blood, sweat, and tears
Take you to wherever you need to go
Unleash your unrefined impulses
Uncover your instincts and bare your uncut fangs
It may take an arduous path
But be torn down it endlessly to achieve your dream
So just fly
Fly high
Into the distant future
Captains.
Let's have a good match.
Episode Twenty:
Sweep Clear
I guess you're okay now.
Yeah, thanks.
I got to rest a while, so I'm actually full of energy.
Oh, really?
You seem like you've aged a bit, Sawamura.
These past four months...
Another penalty?
You guys must love those.
Hey, hey, hey! You on a break?
Then let's practice!
I've been whipped into shape by some other goons.
Hey, hey, hey!
Dunno what you're talking about, but good job.
Tails is Aoba Jousai, heads is Karasuno.
We'll receive first.
Then we'll serve first.
Karasuno                    Aoba Jousai
Line up!
We're gonna win this match.
Yeah.
Let's have a good match!
Hey! I made it in time.
Hey.
The Waku South match in the morning was pretty brutal.
Really? I wish I'd been able to see it.
Huh?
Heya! I'm Tanaka Ryuunosuke's big sister!
Hi!
She looks just like him.
They got all the way to the semis, huh?
Yeah.
This is the semi-finals?
Huh? That means...
Jouzenji
Karasuno
Ougi Business
Waku South
Shirato
Date Tech
Jouzenji
Karasuno
Ougi Business
Waku South
Shirato
Date Tech
Winner
Wait. So if they win this one and the next one,
they're going to nationals?! Isn't that awesome?!
Well, only if they beat the next two powerful schools.
This will be the third time our
current team has faced Karasuno.
They've surprised us every time.
I'm sure things won't go smoothly this time, either.
But if we keep our cool, victory will come naturally.
Go play to the best of your abilities.
Yessir!
I hate to say it, but Karasuno's a formidable enemy.
I'm surprised you're being so honest.
I learned my lesson after last time.
If we let our guard down, they'll devour us whole.
Let's rip them up from the get-go.
Yeah!
All right, so, today...
I trust...
We trust you, Captain!
You're gonna make me blu—
We trust your serves.
If you mess up, you owe us ramen.
I want extra roasted pork slices.
I'll add a side of potstickers to that.
And lazy serves that only go over the net don't count.
Come on, first- and second-years. You guys can request too.
Seriously?!
The crow's broken wing has healed,
and now it's stronger than it's ever been.
You've trained your bodies, techniques, and minds for this day.
So please leave everything on the court, and take flight into the vast blue sky.
As long as you do what needs to be done, the results will come your way.
That's what I believe.
Yes, sir!
Ukai.
To be honest, Seijou's a bad matchup for you guys.
As is any team that's calm and collected.
But surpassing them is our only option.
So go win this time!
Yeah!
Go, go, go, go, go, Seijou!
Rule the Court
Push it, push it, push it, push it, push it, Seijou!
Give us a good serve, Oikawa!
Man, Oikawa's serving first?
Is he that good?
Is he?
He's a frickin' cannon.
If Seijou's able to build momentum with his serve,
we're gonna be in trouble.
And there's a very decent chance of that happening.
Give us a good serve!
Soy sauce!
Pork bone!
Dan dan noodles!
I can't tell if you want me to land this spike or not!
Sadly, there's no doubt...
that you're going to land it.
Whoa! They were able to dig out the first serve!
All right!
I think just touching that would rip my arms off!
Wait!
It's going back over the net!
They're gonna hit it down!
Nice one, Kageyama!
Kageyama touched the ball first, so they can't do a fast attack!
Their attack will be a simple...
All right!
Nice spike.
How are those two the most surprised by it?!
Karasuno                    Aoba Jousai
Nice one, Asahi, Nishinoya!
Yeah!
Thanks!
All right, let's go,
reborn Karasuno!
Give us a good serve, Kageyama!
Let's get another point!
Makki!
That's a really good location!
Shake it off!
So close! You'll get the next one!
Karasuno                    Aoba Jousai
Give us a good one, Iwaizumi!
I'm pretty sure his serves are intense too.
Bring it!
Damn, it went long!
Sorry, Kageyama!
Man, there's one insane serve after another.
What's with those guys?
Hit it, Kunimi!
Nice spike, Tanaka!
Thanks!
I'm surprised he got it in!
Well done, Ryuu! Love ya!
Stop that, Big Sis!
I wanna touch the ball too!
All right!
This Seijou versus Karasuno match is awesome.
Oh, really?
Nice receive!
Get another one!
Nice, Mattsun.
Left!
All right!
My bad!
Sorry! It was a little low!
Karasuno                    Aoba Jousai
Give us a good serve, Tsukishima!
Go!
Wow, they're starting off neck-and-neck.
Yeah, but...
I'd love to see Hinata land a fast attack right about now.
Yeah.
Why?
At the end of their last match with Seijou,
Hinata's fast attack had the perfect timing, but it still got completely shut down.
It even left an impression on us.
Give us another good serve!
For Hinata and Kageyama, it might not
be a memory they can just sweep away.
Iwa!
Nice, Daichi!
Here it comes!
Yes! He was perfectly positioned!
It's coming back over! Move back! Back!
Cover it!
He's so worked up that he didn't see the block!
Damn it. I'll get the next one!
Nice one, Oikawa!
Calm don't... up... down, moron!
What was that?
That goes for you too, Kageyama.
We're counting on you, Iwaizumi!
Damn it. He kicked me for real!
Yeah!
Nice contact!
Keep it going!
Got it!
One more time!
Go!
Use our despair...
to smash through!
We're finally...
at the start line!
!!
Haikyuu
Second Season
H
a
S
e
i
c
k
y
o
n
u
d
S
e
!
a
s
o
n
That number ten is awesome!
Karasuno's really good this year.
All right!
Nice spike, Hinata!
That's it, Hinata!
We're finally...
at the start line!
You kicked me for real, you jerk!
I woke you up, moron!
What'd you say?!
Now, now...
Damn. They've picked themselves back up.
But that's only thanks to my advice!
Those two getting more confident is hardly a good thing.
I know.
Let's take our time and form a strategy.
Yeah!
Karasuno                    Aoba Jousai
This is only the first set,
but that's an impressive score against Seijou.
Yeah.
I didn't think Karasuno would make it this far.
I guess their performance last time wasn't just a fluke.
All right!
Nice receive, Daichi!
Are they not going to try to block Hinata's broad jump again?
All right!
Nice, Hinata!
It looks like where number ten
hit it last time wasn't an accident.
Shake it off!
Give us a good serve, Kageyama!
Sorry! Someone get under it!
We're counting on you, Makki!
Got it!
Kunimi!
Right!
Nice spike!
Nice set.
They did that like it was nothing.
They're so damn good.
Aoba Jousai always plays so skillfully.
How well their gears mesh together is truly impressive.
Give us a good one, Iwaizumi!
Yeah, it really pisses me off!
Sorry!
All right!
Karasuno                       Aoba Jousai
Yeah!
Nice spike, Makki!
We're counting on you.
Hey.
Bring it!
The guys who don't do jump serves aim for...
Got it!
It's time for the back row setter to make his appearance!
Nice receive!
Yes! Nice and clean!
Go for another broad jump, Hinata!
He's going in for the block?
It'll be hard to stop it by myself...
Please don't hit it over here, okay?
You can't hit it this way, right?
Here it is!
A straight spike right at me!
You ignore the cross-court spike and wait for a straight spike.
Nice receive, Kindaichi!
They forced him to the side!
Counterattack!
All right!
He put me under so much pressure.
Those third-years are scary!
Nice receive, Kindaichi!
Thanks!
Looks like if we cut off his options, then we can dig out the spike.
I'll give it a shot next time.
You're pretty scary right now, Mattsun.
Shake it off, Shouyou! You almost had it!
They've already thought up a way to counter Hinata's broad jump.
Right!
Nothing less from Seijou.
Indeed.
They're always thinking as they play.
That's probably why they're so good.
Karasuno                    Aoba Jousai
But...
Nice receive!
Sugawara told me that with Seijou's fast attacks,
I should wait a little while...
and then jump!
All right!
How's payback taste?
Don't get so cocky after just one point!
Good!
He learned from last time!
Karasuno's able to handle us a lot better this go-round.
We can't seem to pull ahead.
Nice receive!
Karasuno                    Aoba Jousai
Great, great, Yuutarou! Push it, push it, Yuutarou!
Do it again!
Rule the Court
Here he comes again.
It's the guy whose serve could rip your arm off.
Give us a good serve, Oikawa!
Just in case, watch the back of your head.
What?
Bring it!
Sorry!
Damn it!
So close! I like the aggressiveness, though!
Let's get the next one!
That was lucky!
Let's get another point!
Huh?! What the hell was that?!
He can hit the ball even harder?!
That was basically a spike!
That felt pretty good against my hand.
Maybe that serve was a fluke.
Get over it!
No, it wasn't a fluke.
Got it!
At least, I don't think it was.
Did he hit it that hard knowing it was risky?
That was an insane serve!
I wanna try to receive it!
What a sound...
I can't... Someone's arms are gonna fly off...
Honestly, I don't think I could get that myself.
Feels like it hit the ground before I even noticed.
But...
Karasuno                    Aoba Jousai
All right!
We're at set point!
Just one more!
Go for it!
Thanks.
It won't be easy to surpass that serve.
I shouldn't try too hard to compete.
The team does better when we all play well.
Whoa, is Karasuno really going to take the first set?
Seijou better think of something fast,
or they might be in trouble.
We're gonna take this set!
Keep it up!
Right!
This is no time to panic.
They need to go out there and fight.
Nice spike, Iwaizumi!
Karasuno                       Aoba Jousai
If Seijou scores one more point, it'll be a deuce.
They'll lose if they don't.
Stay calm! Just one point to go!
We're gonna score here!
Right!
Just one more point,
and we can take the first set off of Seijou!
Focus on this point!
Trying to get that last point can be rough.
True, but Seijou's got it even harder.
Seijou's swapping players?
This is where it happens?
It's that guy from earlier.
Yeah.
I've never seen that player before.
Yes.
He's not a pinch server or anything,
and yet they're putting him in for the first time when their opponent is at set point?
They might be strengthening their blocking on the left side.
Make sure your spikes don't get blocked.
Yessir.
Give us a good serve, Iwaizumi!
Sorry, it's short!
Tanaka!
I touched it!
Let's score here!
Got it!
Kindaichi...
A wrench was intentionally thrown into the gears that were working together flawlessly.
Then, suddenly, they became something completely mysterious and unknown.
When I was just a nobody, something lit up my eyes
I was merely a guy languishing complacently in the dark, happy with what I had
Now I'm torn toward the heavens even on a starless night
Whether our time comes to us or not is a matter for those in another world
That's right, our lungs pumping and our hearts beating is all we have in this new realm
We've always been dancing on an unlit stage, but now beyond that
We're awaiting the rising of a sun that none have yet witnessed
Now that we're deliberating at a crossroads, paths blurring together
We can feel it
Inside this uncharted world which has yet to take on a name
As I'm waiting for the dawn to reach my eyes with a familiar light
I'm reminded of days I won't return to, and seeking proof of newfound existence
We brace ourselves
Number sixteen's spike was all "whoosh" and "boom"!
I have to wonder why he's playing volleyball, considering how evil his eyes look and how provocative he is.
All of that applies to you too, you know.
Episode Twenty-one:
The Destroyer
Next time on Haikyuu!!:
"The Destroyer."